Dealing with TensorFlow incompatibility with Python 3.7
*Note: I will remove this section once all needed libraries add support for Python 3.7.

VERY IMPORTANT Once Miniconda has been downloaded you must create a Python 3.6 environment. Not all TensorFlow 2.0 packages currently (as of August 2019) support Python 3.7. This is not unusual, usually you will need to stay one version back from the latest Python to maximize compatibility with common machine learning packages. So you must execute the following commands:

conda create -y --name tensorflow python=3.6
To enter this environment, you must use the following command (for Windows), this command must be done every time you open a new Anaconda/Miniconda terminal window:

activate tensorflow
For Mac, do this:

source activate tensorflow
Installing Jupyter
it is easy to install Jupyter notebooks with the following command:

conda install -y jupyter
Once Jupyter is installed, it is started with the following command:

jupyter notebook
The following packages are needed for this course:

conda install -y scipy
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade sklearn
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade pandas
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade pandas-datareader
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade matplotlib
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade pillow
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade tqdm
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade requests
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade h5py
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade pyyaml
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade tensorflow_hub
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade bayesian-optimization
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade spacy
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade gensim
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade flask
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade boto3
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade gym
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade tensorflow==2.0.0-beta1
pip install --exists-action i --upgrade keras-rl2 --user
conda update -y --all
Notice that I am installing as specific version of TensorFlow. As of the current semester, this is the latest version of TensorFlow. It is very likely that Google will upgrade this during this semester. The newer version may have some incompatibilities, so it is important that we start with this version and end with the same.

You should also link your new tensorflow environment to Jupyter so that you can choose it as a Kernal. Always make sure to run your Jupyter notebooks from your 3.6 kernel. This is demonstrated in the video.

python -m ipykernel install --user --name tensorflow --display-name "Python 3.6 (tensorflow)"


Link : https://github.com/jeffheaton/t81_558_deep_learning/blob/master/t81_558_class_01_1_overview.ipynb